Npm is an online library/repository that contains all pre-written code in form of packages that anyone can download
and use in their project. it manages all the packages and dependencies.To initiate Npm in an already project just type
Npm init in the terminal and this creates an a package.json file that is used as a npm  configuration to manage 
the packages/dependencies of the project.

Next in a project, We need a bundler, a bundler is a tool that helps us get our code ready for production.By doing
Minification,Compression,Tree-Shaking,Hot-module-replacement,image and video optimization,file Watching algorithms,
Hot-Reload,Consistent hashing, Beautiful error message, Http/Https hosting,Fast caching, Among others this makes code fast ready for
production. Examples of bundlers include Parcel, Vite and Webpack.
npm i -D parcel

 Npx just means run/Execute this package that follows. eg Npx parcel index.html will start an application.

 Parcel Cache just means removing any extra memory even after a page is updated. it is one of the features coming with
 Parcel as a bundler.

Dev/ -D dependencies are packages only used during development eg parcel is used to ignite an application while
Normal dependencies are libraries that are used and shipped to production. eg react

.gitignore helps us to manage node_modules which acts like a database for all files/dependencies/libraries/packages
since node module is big and can be regenerated it is put  in gitignore.

package.json is npm configuration managing versions general versions of all packages in a project while
package.lock.json stores only exact versions of the packages installed.

Dist folder is used to store minified code that is then shipped to production,another feature of Parcel Bundler.

BrowsersList is another feature/dependency of parcel that makes an application compatible with browsers.
"BrowsersList":[ last 2 versions]

~Tilde only accepts patch changes and has stability while ^Caret accepts patch and minor changes.





